# Client-Server-Development

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
These programs are meant to be used several times and in different situations, so it is important to consider its functionalities interacting in other environments and understand the need for flexibility and adaptability. The CRUD Python module, for instance, was created with simple functions that could interact with MongoDB reducing the amount of code needed to create the proper communication with the database and focus mostly in the dash functions to create the dashboard.

#How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I approached this project by first looking into feedback from previous submissions to understand what areas I needed to improve and which ones were leading me into the right direction. After that, it is important to look at the requirements and try to address them one by one, testing each time a perceivable different output could be obtained to evaluate the new added functionality. Furthermore, reviewing other documentation and resources can be really helpful when trying to overcome any issues that may occur.

#What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists use different tools to create projects that will satisfy a need or make achieving a goal quicker, simpler and more efficient. For instance, a client such as Grazioso Salvare needed a more efficient way to organize and categorize the data of animals in a massive list. Doing so manually could be an incredibly tedious long task more prone to errors, as a computer scientist our job was to create a program that could automate the process and achieve the same (or better) results almost instantly. Our work can help a company automate processes to make them more efficient and secure, allowing the company to focus more on what they do.
